[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet your
sophie my name is karsten
let's take a look over here
[Music]
still do not see
there she is
[Music]
learned a way to see the future awesome
crystal ball can be synthesized
now let's take a look over here what are
you doing out here at night
that should do it hello mrs marguerite
hello sophie i'm sorry but i've already
closed the store for today
no that's okay i'll come back again
tomorrow
sorry about that
[Music]
still you're always cleaning up for so
long every day
if i leave things out the vegetables
will go bad i can't sell bad produce to
my customers
although not everything lasts until the
next day no matter what i do
there are some things that will spoil
regardless yeah
it would be wasteful to throw it away so
we eat it here at home before it goes
bad
how much is there it's not too much
and even when we have lots of leftovers
for many days in a row
oscar eats it all
i'd expect no less from oscar
mom is dinner ready yet
yeah yeah i'll be right there
anyway have a good night sophie
uh-huh all right well let's check for
requests welcome which request will you
accept
uh that needs gold steel women would
take all of my gold seal up i don't want
to do that right now
that would take my lightning bomb
[Music]
spruce huh
those i don't know if i can take um
can't make that yet
let's just uh go to the world map
[Music]
and take a look at this new area
oh he had a connection where do you
intend to go next
[Music]
i wonder if i go around this way
if i can get there without triggering a
nasty enemy
there might be one here no
could that be
so let's take a look here
[Music]
not sure i like the look of those birds
i should probably find out what they are
now okay
a powerful enemy stay alert
well that music is certainly ominous
uh yeah we need to run
[Music]
run run run
i'll stop them ineffective ineffective
[Music]
um can we please run
thank you
[Music]
oops this is gonna be a fun fight
no it's not going to lose run
run away please run away
[Music]
thank you
some good quality ingredients there
[Music]
what is over here there it is in the
middle
it's good quality but it's things i
already
have
it's over here probably more of the same
[Music]
oh a black puny i am
not really in shape to fight that right
now though
let's see
[Music]
uh
all right let's give it a try
[Music]
time to do my job like usual
it's not giving the really nasty music
that is only one
we'll use that one over there
[Music]
that'll hit those three you will
definitely soul step us
[Music]
and you hit all three of
blame me for those happens
i'll use an item on the enemy
[Music]
okay i'll enchant you
overdrive that can't be good
[Music]
you got one of them down really hurting
though
you meditate
[Music]
i can't lose get her boosted up
your stuff only affects singles
let's try to get some more of them down
[Music]
copy my skills it's not looking good
we're down to two of them
[Music]
heal him up
it's finally getting interesting and
let's
really try to kill these off
[Music]
what's your deal show me what you've got
okay not like this
try not to die
[Music]
leave it to me
let's see you you can do that
you can only be cross cut we'll go ahead
and go with it don't underestimate me
a single swing is enough
that should just about do it that was
really annoyingly tough i feel stronger
twin action that sounds useful
[Music]
pony jelly can be synthesized got fur
let's run home
i did okay
[Music]
oh yes who could that be hello sophie
meklid atomina welcome do you need
something
there's something we want to ask you
about alchemy
ask me that's fine but i don't know if i
would be able to answer
it's fine if you don't know anyway
sophie do you know about the cauldron of
knowledge
huh the cauldron of knowledge
yes apparently it's an amazing device
that allows those without
any natural abilities to use alchemy
we've been researching alchemy but we
can't actually use it
but if we had the cauldron of knowledge
we might be able to use it ourselves
in fact we might be able to do even more
amazing things with it
who knows like what
we might be able to take over the world
that doesn't seem very nice
we should do something more fun then
we could make a castle out of candy
now that sounds like it would be fun to
see not a bad idea etamina
oh we got kind of off topic
anyway sophie that's why we're searching
for this cauldron of knowledge
do you know anything
[Music]
i don't really know i feel like i've
heard of it or
maybe i haven't we thought so
besides we only heard rumors about it so
we have no idea if it actually exists
that's right it might be faster to earn
enough money to buy a castle made of
candy
i suppose so thanks for listening sophie
we'll see you again sophie
that was shocking i didn't expect them
to suddenly ask about the cauldron of
knowledge
those two are a little strange but they
seem to know a lot about alchemy
i should ask them about it sometimes
the creepy kids get a hold of the
cauldron of knowledge is probably not a
good thing
[Music]
let's see if i can make any those new
recipes
why is there a question mark on
lightning bomb
[Music]
let's see well this is easy to make
what does that do again
is this good which cauldron should i use
okay
let's start
[Music]
how about this
let's see
this is good
there is this
good
yeah i should finish it what traits
should i transfer
all right let's give it
[Music]
[Applause]
recovery up and
[Music]
flickering all right it's done
i see there's nobody visiting this
atlear as usual
harold are you just here to look again
no not today i actually have some work
to discuss with you
wait really what kind of work i want you
to prepare gunpowder for bullets
gunpowder i don't care what kind it is
or the quality i just need lots of it
okay i got it but how are you acquiring
your gunpowder up until now
i was buying it from merchants then
why are you suddenly asking me for it
no big reason i just thought i'd bring
some business to an outlayer where i can
hear the crickets chirping you you odd
jobs
seemed like the perfect work for you
i don't do odd jobs i'm an alchemist
well that doesn't really matter just
bring it to me when you have a decent
amount
see you later
[Music]
harold's so rude but he did give me
work out of consideration if he did i
need to work hard and exceed his
expectations
[Music]
harold delivered gunpowder added
i think i have some gum powder items
let's see about making
[Music]
crystal ball
synthesis item
what materials to use
[Music]
[Applause]
um
is this good
just looking to see
since i'm mainly making this to make it
not necessarily to transfer stuff i
don't want to put anything
too valuable on it
is this good which cauldron should i use
okay let's start i'll use this here
this isn't bad that's what happened this
isn't bad
how about this this material is right
here
yeah good
is this good all right i'll finish it
now
what traits to transfer
[Music]
is this okay is this okay
it's
now that's straightforward enough now
let's see what else have i not made yet
i still need to find natural oil
[Music]
i can make wonder stimulant though what
material should i use
[Music]
if we go to
sort by category value
actually i want to check real quick is
this really
which cauldron is bad so we want
green or blue what material should i use
[Music]
let's see anything green or blue here
yeah we can do
some of these
[Music]
[Applause]
okay i'll just use some water for that
okay then
let's start this goes here
all right this is going well
hmm yeah this is going great ah now that
takes that out
yeah this is going great all right
this is going well yeah this is going
great
all right this is going well
okay we'll go with that is this really
okay
okay it's time to finish and what traits
should i add
not sure what this is good for
[Music]
how's this yeah this is all done
but i've made one
[Music]
anything else i haven't made yet but can
could make that but i'll hold off if i
remember right i didn't have anything
good to use with it
okay let's take a look
[Music]
let's rest up until morning
that should do it so placto do you
remember anything new
no not really oh i see hmm
seems like you aren't remembering
anything new lately
i'm very sorry sophie no that's not
something you should apologize for but i
wonder why
hmm
can't think of any reasons thinking
about it alone might not be enough
i should try asking someone about it who
would be
best should be someone who knows a lot
of things
in that case maybe monica and elise who
else might know some unexpected things
maybe pamela yeah i'll ask them i'll be
back in a while plata
[Music]
okay well let's uh
start here
monica there's something i want to ask
you what could it be
well you see lately placta isn't
remembering anything new
i thought you might have some ideas why
memories you're still writing recipes
into her right
yeah i am but i see maybe you just need
to write even more recipes into her
hmm i wonder if that's the only option
i'm sorry i can't think of any
particularly clever ideas
no it's fine thank you monica i'll see
you later
all right let's check with
pamela do you have a minute oh why hello
there sophie what do you need
um this is hard to explain but what do
you think
what do you think you should do to
restore memories of someone who's lost
them
memories let's see i think the best way
is to give them a big
shock a shock
yes for example you could use a wooden
pole to bunk them on the head
um i think if you did that they would
lose even more memories
oh was that idea no good no
it's fine thank you pamela you really
helped
that's good come back and visit anytime
yeah i will see you later pamela
[Music]
hello elise oh sophie welcome
um there's something i wanted to ask you
ask me
what could it be well i want to know of
ways
to remember the things you've forgotten
[Music]
oh no sophie have you forgotten
something
i guess you could say that but
this is troubling i never forget
anything after all
all right you actually have a really
really good memory
now that i think about it i re i read in
a book once
i read in a book once that drinking tea
is good for remembering things
hmm t t huh
also it said that fish and various types
of nuts are good too
i didn't know that thank you elise you
really helped
really that's good yeah i'll see you
later
event memories 2 added
and return to the outlayer
ah couldn't find any clues
i can't hit plata and it's not like she
can drink tea
either i guess my only choice is to keep
writing lots of recipes into her
hello sophie what a coincidence
oh necklace what's wrong
you seem a little down it's just
oh right these two know a lot of things
maybe they can give me a clue actually
there's something i want to ask both of
you
you have a question for us that's
unusual
we'll answer whatever we can
um one of my customers has lost their
memories
they can't remember anything about the
past so i was wondering if there was any
way to help
no memories let's see
there's one thing i can tell you you
need to get them as close to their
original state as possible
original state
just think about it sophie let's say you
forgot what book you were planning to
read next
would you remember when you're in the
kitchen
not really if anything you'd remember
when you're standing in front of the
bookcase
that's likely because you were in front
of the bookcase when you made plans to
read it
the bookcase is closer to your original
state than the kitchen in that case
i see original state
wait original state
i got it thank you atomina
i think i'll be able to do something
thanks to you see you later
sounds like we were able to help yes
that's good
sophie's always helping us so we need to
help her once in a while
[Music]
i think i know the reason why all your
memories aren't coming back
[Music]
sophie what's wrong why are you so out
of breath
you really need to turn back into a
person
i'm sorry sophie i don't understand your
reasoning
you were human before right but you're a
book now
there's probably a limit to how much you
can remember while you're still a book
i think because you used to be human
there's some memories that won't come
back unless you're human again
i see you're saying there are memories
that won't return
and wasn't in my original state yes
that's it exactly
i told you before that it wouldn't be
impossible
in theory i know that's why
but i also told you that the chances of
accomplishing it were close to nil
turning a book into a human is easy to
talk about
but talking about it and doing it are
completely different
sophie achieving this would require far
more advanced alchemy than you seem to
believe
still i need to do it sophie
i made a promise i promised that i would
help you regain your memories plocta
[Music]
it doesn't matter how difficult it is
i'll do it
to reclaim your memories
[Music]
i understand you're quite stubborn after
all
i won't try to discourage you anymore
and it's true that i made a promise as
well that i would trust you
i'll leave this up to you
[Music]
thank you okay now that that's decided
time to get started on operation
humanize plota
sophie could you do something about that
name at least
[Music]
so we have a new goal
not that we couldn't have figured that
out by looking at well
any of the art for this game but anyway
we will get started on that next time
hope you enjoyed
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time
welcome back to let's play outlet or
sophie my name is karsten
now did we have any new recipe ideas
that we needed to take a look at
i think we had to more focus on plot
stuff
so i need to figure out good water
now where do i have have i seen good
water
seabed soil it's interesting that it's
on there but grayed out
good water
is calm banks and prospector strand
so that's where i will head next
[Music]
where do you intend to go next
let's go to prospector strand
[Music]
and we're looking for some good water
there's some driftwood
[Music]
this is probably just driftwood around
here
[Music]
says there's good water around here i
just need to
find it hey
okay have to battle a few things along
the way
now let's see we have
okay i will use this thing
on them
[Music]
here i go
that looks like half its hit points or
[Music]
something
so my problem isn't really damaged my
problem is
i can't take damage
[Music]
that wasn't satisfying next
it's more of those
[Music]
this looks promising
mineral extract can be synthesized
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah so we'll grab these on the way out
i think i'll fight you just for the heck
of it
we go all out no matter what we're up
against
oh i can't run okay
this might have been a mistake
um 400 hit points
but we will definitely hit you with that
hit you with that and
wait so we do blade dancing and cross
cut that should help
time to get fired up glad that it's
going
first i won't hold back
ineffective yeah i should be able to
handle this
so you will now
that you go ahead and do merciless kick
since i'm just going to be going back to
town after this
[Music]
you use a puny missile
and if it's still alive after that do
cross cut
can you keep
[Music]
[Applause]
oh man that hit hard
there is always room for improvement
[Music]
i think i'm stronger and taller
i need to check with those
skills are
you can check hers too twin action
increased chain attack chance
okay
[Music]
use an equipped item without consuming
it
[Music]
that um
twittery had a skill like that if i
remember right and it was
stupidly overpowered
[Music]
but of course being able to refill all
my items when i go back to town is
already
almost as good
and let's see if it is
[Music]
increases change check chance okay
nice buffs and things
[Music]
it's interesting that one doesn't seem
to be reappearing maybe that was just a
one-time enemy and that's why i couldn't
run
[Music]
well let's just go ahead and skip back
to town
[Music]
um
what are you so worried about sophie
[Music]
oh i was just wondering
what exactly is a human is this a
philosophical question
no this is about operation humanized
plata
i already knew but turning a book into a
was really hard
that's why i warned you this isn't
something to go into half-heartedly
i know but humans
human features arms
legs i can't think of anything
come over here for a second
i have a bad feeling about this
yeah wait sophie don't just throw me
into the alchemy cauldron
now let's take some random materials
like that
stop no liquids water isn't good for me
now i just have to stir the cauldron hey
sophie
listen to me stop and listen to me
and done huh
[Music]
well you have legs so i guess you're
more human do i really look that way to
you
well you look more human depending on
how you look at it
i guess um
[Music]
you're mad at me aren't you of course i
am i i'm so sorry i'll find a way to
turn you back
it got even worse
[Music]
you won't go back to normal
i managed to turn you back somehow
sophie
i'm somewhat tired so i'm going to sleep
don't ever try anything weird again ever
[Music]
oh you made her really mad
i need to think before i act from now on
[Music]
could be worse at least it didn't cost
her an arm and a leg like it did
edward i did my best
[Music]
let's make that mineral extract shall we
let's see still don't have any natural
oil
what material should i use
what do i have tons of tons of these
[Music]
is this really okay which cauldron is
best okay then
let's start yeah this is good
this is great all right
this is going well
all right i'll finish it now
now what traits to transfer
is this okay sure it's finished
[Music]
let's check over here you have anything
to say
no i'm checking because
uh well some of the it's quite obvious
that uh getting plucked to a body will
involve
doll making because the extra pre-order
dlc
is doll making stuff and it shows
plot there so it's kind of a
giveaway
[Music]
welcome thank you which request will you
accept
now i can definitely do this
and mystic herb
[Music]
um
and honey
[Music]
thank you
still haven't oh fungal garden okay
not sure i'd be able to beat it but
let's see
we'll give it a try thank you
could do that
[Music]
i need to make more wonder stimulants
for that
i need some adult cloth i don't have
that at all thank you
what rumor did
[Music]
is that what to say thank you very much
adoletta is a neighboring country it's a
traditional kingdom with a long history
emphasizing honor inadequates large
country and many cultures flourish there
welcome what rumor is that
thank you yeah the only alchemist that i
know of in this town
but it's not very not a very unusual
occupation in other towns at least
that's what adventures tell me
it's a little unexpected welcome what
rumored
is that rumor thank you very much
unforeseen things can occur during
travels you can be attacked by monsters
find money all of these things part of
the tree timer traveling yet i've
noticed that
welcome now the
that's in the fungal garden now how do
we get
to the fungal garden
where do you intend to go next is it up
here
green ruins fungal garden
silent lakeside
let's start by going to the silent lake
[Music]
side
oh hello um
can i please get by you thank you
[Music]
it says there's something here maybe it
only shows up at night or
not during rain
i don't want to fight one of those guys
unless i'm sure it has what i need
where do you intend to go next so let's
go here
yeah supposedly whoa
don't necessarily want to fight you
right now
i want to try to get
[Music]
to daytime but there's nothing else to
gather here
[Music]
where should i go wait let's go back in
here see if we can gather some more
get it to daytime
oh what the heck okay
[Music]
this looks easy let's end this quick
okay well this we should be able to take
care of without any issues
[Music]
not even worth the time
well that at least is easy now
[Music]
okay now it's daytime
and this has not changed what's there
what's our destination let's
take a look over in the green ruins
[Music]
seems like
well maybe i have to fight those wolf
things
i don't spot a gold pony on the map
which i'm not
i'll go back and fight one of those wolf
things in the other area
since they're probably lower level in
the other area
where are we going next
then maybe i'll go to puzzling path
[Music]
okay
trying to hit the walls but okay
[Music]
that wasn't satisfying next
hey okay hey
i sense danger this is not
[Music]
what i was looking for
plasma ray that didn't sound good
that was not what i was hoping for
[Music]
um how about you do you have anything
different
maybe i just need to keep fighting the
clunies until they appear they don't
look very strong
[Music]
it says they show up here
and i don't think they'd show up in the
world
maybe they're just a rare spawning on
the penis
why you
we've won
[Music]
maybe have to keep attacking the ponies
or something
[Music]
we can easily beat them i mean i guess i
can do that
wide open it's kind of trivial but
[Music]
that's the only thing i can think of
that makes sense is it's a rare spawn of
a pony
here
[Music]
or until they don't show up anymore
oh can't carry anymore um
[Music]
all right well one more pony
okay and then we'll go home this looks
easy
yeah i don't even know
[Music]
wide open
not even worth the time
[Music]
and we will drop one of these well no
those are good quality
uh what's weak
uh we'll drop one of them and we'll just
go home at this point
because i'm out of space anyway
[Music]
that was quite the sigh what's wrong
sophie
oh plopta i was just thinking how hard
it is to make a human
this again oh don't worry i won't do
anything like before
i i see that's good
but i wonder if it's even possible to
create a human through alchemy
let's see this is only based on what i
currently remember
but in the entire history of alchemy as
far as i'm aware
nobody has ever created a human
i thought so i failed big time the other
day
that's right but i do have memories of
those that were exceedingly close to
human yet not
human existing in the past huh
what does that mean artificial life
forms created through alchemy
life forms once existed possessing
eternal life
and while appearing human they were also
like
dolls or puppets however
the rate of success was close to zero
and it raised many ethical questions
research was quickly halted
oh sounds like i'm going to have to
think of a way myself after all
i know i need to turn you back into a
human to help you regain your memories
but
i can't think of a way to do it at all
[Music]
it's no good flacta i'm going to take a
walk for a change of pace
very well i understand take care
[Music]
human eye is clocked to three added and
that
is take a walk for a change of pace
[Music]
okay
let's just grab what's over here real
[Music]
quick
and i could fast trouble but it's said
to go for a walk so i'll go for a walk
in the rain in the middle of the night
[Music]
i guess the middle of the day
huh that's fritz over there
hey fritz
[Music]
what are you doing here oh sophie
i just finished my puppet show i'm
taking a break now
ah i see by the way
i wanted to ask this when i saw them
before but the dolls you use seem like
they're almost alive
yes there's even a legend that says
especially well-made dolls
gain souls of their own the dolls i use
aren't alive
but if they appear that way that's a
point of pride as an artist
ah they gain souls wait
souls dolls that seem like they're alive
i just thought of something great
what is it you started shouting out
nowhere i'm sorry fritz i just thought
of something i need to do
so i'll be going now
[Music]
she ran off what a strange girl
okay now do i go back to the outlier
probably
what is it sophie you seem to be
especially cheerful right now
i thought of something i got a really
good idea a way to reclaim your memories
really however it's nearly impossible to
create a human
yeah i know that's why i'm not going to
i'll create a doll a doll
yes fritz told me that especially
amazing dolls
can gain souls of their own you said you
put your soul in that book right
so if we move your soul into a doll
instead
if i'm in something close to human we
wouldn't need to create a real human for
me to take human form
i didn't even think of that that's an
excellent idea
it's also far more feasible than
creating a human
right okay i can finally see the finish
line
i wonder what i need to turn you into a
doll
first i need the doll itself we'd go
nowhere without that
all right we need clothes and the doll
can't move
so i need to do something
and most importantly i need some sort of
device to move your soul from the book
into the doll
sounds really hard but this is all for
plocta
i need to do it anyway
i should go talk to lots of people
learn the skill alchemist wisdom
[Music]
i did my best to refill them
okay so what does alchemist wisdom do
[Music]
increases item power okay well not gonna
complain about that
a body clothes a power source and a tool
to move souls
[Music]
do we have more recipe ideas
those are all blacked out so i'm
guessing
those are the things that we need to do
or we'll get those
by talking to people we will
do that later for right now
we have a goal hope you enjoy
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time
where we will get started on that
process
welcome back to let's play outlet or
sophie my name is carsten
so our next goal is to talk to everyone
and figure out
what we need to do to get
uh plucked a body uh body clothes
power source and a tool to move souls
i also need to deliver some gun powder
oh bring 10
cane stone okay well that's easy enough
talk to fritz leon harold
and julio
[Music]
okay
let's go up here
[Applause]
phew julio
hello sophie what a coincidence yes what
are you doing here
i was running as part of my training
running
a night's greatest acid is his body it's
important to train like this every day
wow every day that sounds really hard
true it was difficult at first i
wouldn't even be able to move
after a day of training with the knights
you had a time like that
but it's training like that which
creates a knight who can truly protect
others
you also need a lot of strength to swing
around a great sword
with that in mind i trained hard and
eventually my body grew stronger
it's no longer as difficult as it was
before
i see but it still sounds like a lot of
work
oh dear i spent too much time resting
i'll return to my training now
see you again sophie i'm sorry for
interrupting you do your best with your
training
thank you
it's amazing that he works so hard every
day all right i need to work harder at
my alchemy
they're in the skill steel spirit
and does that count as having talked to
him for the purpose of the event
no of course not
[Music]
let's go here
hello fritz ah sophie do you need
something
fritz is definitely the person to go to
about making the doll itself
yes there's actually something i wanted
to ask you
ask me what is it i'll do what i can
well to tell the truth
see so that's the reason why you
suddenly ran off earlier
[Music]
sorry about that still you're moving a
soul from a book into a doll
i'm surprised you thought of something
like that so you actually want a soul to
take residence in a doll
yes that's right
[Music]
[Laughter]
that's really amusing i like the way you
think
just leave that to me i'll create the
greatest doll
to act as the vessel for plucked a soul
really thank you so much
yes first i'll need to create the
blueprints
could you wait a little while okay i
understand
[Music]
still a doll for pluckta
time to put my skills to work this is
going to be
great
[Music]
just don't get too carried away
ritz is acting kind of weird
but when it comes to dolls it should be
fine leaving it up to fritz
i think
all right so that's one
[Music]
let's go to the street first
i know i need to talk to leon
ah tess hello
[Music]
hey sophie you look cheerful today as
usual yeah by the way what are you doing
here
i'm actually on break right now we
finally had a lull on customers
i see it must be hard work oh no it's
just part of my job by the way sophie
have you ever gone into that shop
[Music]
that one no i haven't i see they have a
reputation for being really good but
it's kind of awkward to go in there
alone
i'd invite my friends but we're all
really busy and can't get our schedules
to match
i see oh i have a good idea tess would
you like to go together sometime
huh is it okay yeah i'm interested to
see it
and it would be fun going somewhere with
you i'm happy you feel that way well
then let's try going sometime
okay i look forward to it i look forward
to this also
also good food makes a good reference
for our shop there's really no downsides
to trying it
huh you're even thinking about that
really are serious about work
no i'm not that serious but since i'm
working there i want the cafe to do well
uh-oh it's already this late i need to
get back to the shop soon
okay do your best at work yeah thanks
all right
time to get through another day
[Music]
okay
yeah i haven't been in there because
it's on the other side of this border
hello leon sophie welcome i have some
really good stuff for sale today too
when it comes to clothes leon would know
best
i should ask her about clothes for
plocta um actually
there's something i wanted to ask you
today i want you to make some clothes
for plocta
you mean that talking book you want
clothes for a book
i got it you want a book cover um
not exactly you see
you're turning a book into a doll i see
alchemy is really convenient isn't it
okay
this sounds like fun count me in
thank you no need for thanks
i'm going to need to take measurements
so can you show me the doll
oh about that it's not ready yet
i see that's a problem
i'm sorry i know i'm the one who asked
wait a minute i just thought of
something interesting if we don't know
about the size of the doll
we can just make adjustable clothes you
can do that
yep by using highly elastic cloth
there'll be clothes that can stretch and
shrink
that way it wouldn't matter if the size
of the doll changes a little either
she'd still be able to wear it
i see i've never thought of that
anyway there's something i'll need you
to do sophie
you need to make the cloth i just
mentioned huh
you can find cloth that's kind of
elastic just about anywhere
but it needs to be even more elastic
that's why we need special cloth
i know how to make it but i don't know
if i'd be able to make it myself
but i think you'd have no problem making
it what do you think
if you know how to make it i think i can
do it
that's good i'll tell you what to do and
you take care of the rest
i understand i'll bring it to you when
it's done
[Music]
so we got a new thing we need to make
now who else do i need to talk to
i need to talk to harold and
[Music]
julio
oh that reminds me harold told me about
wind-up clock springs before
lochta needs springs to move her body
harold might be able to make them
[Music]
is there something on my face why are
you staring at me so much
oh sorry um harold
there's something i wanted to ask you
ask me
yeah to tell the truth
you're making plot into a doll that's
hard to believe but
i understand what you said so what
exactly do you want me to do
well plocton needs springs to make her
body move and i want you to make them
[Music]
i see yeah
is it okay with you no i refuse
huh i don't enjoy wasting effort on
things that might not even succeed
and i told you but i don't like making
clocks
sure this isn't for an actual clock but
i don't like
making the springs either find someone
else
carol i didn't think he'd refuse
[Music]
what could i possibly do
well fine you'll get your gunpowder
stuff anyway
i need 10 of these huh
[Music]
um
harold i brought the gunpowder you
wanted oh let me see
hmm i said i don't care about the
quality but let's just
see just how much of this is usable
how is it sophie did you really gather
all this
huh yeah i did is it no good
no it's the opposite this is far better
quality stuff than what i get in the
stores
i'm impressed you managed to gather
something so good
really that's good i'm relieved
i really am surprised didn't think
sophie would come this far
harold what are you muttering about
[Music]
nothing never mind more importantly i
need to give you your payment
received a thousand call
[Music]
thank you i'm the one who asked if you
don't mind
can i ask you to do more work in the
future of course just let me know
anytime
i see thanks i will
now will you make those springs
all right so who else do i need to talk
to
julio is julio around anywhere
it's in the plaza
there he is
hello sophie you seem lively as always
[Music]
it reminds me julio said that he was
maybe investigating should ask him sir
julio
um actually i
[Music]
you thought of yet another daring idea
sophie
yes and i was wondering if you had any
ideas
now that i think about it a while ago i
heard about a device related to souls
from a certain alchemist
really yes
and there's a certain item that's
absolutely necessary for the creation of
such a device
let's see they actually told me the
recipe
give me a minute ah yes
here it is is this an alchemy recipe
yes but i don't require it anymore you
can use it however you see fit
thank you so much i'll be going now
[Music]
i received soul techniques
so
blueprints made do edo cloth
and look at the recipe so i think all
those i'll need to go back to the
outlayer
[Music]
that was quite the size sophie what's
wrong
oh it was just about your body my body
what are you thinking of your body needs
wind-up springs to move
right i asked carol about it but
he just flat out said no i see
so that's what you're concerned about
yeah
i'm trying to think of another way but i
just can't come up with anything
also i can't think of anyone besides
harold who i could
ask to make the springs what could i do
i'm sorry i know this is all for my sake
no don't worry about it i'm the one who
decided to turn you into a doll
sophie
but i really can only think of harold
when it comes to making springs
okay i'll go ask him to make them one
more time
[Music]
red soul techniques learned how to make
spirit needle
[Music]
and a little cloth so i need that
and that
so let's go ahead and see if we can make
those what should i make
[Music]
i need a soul stone
but i can make some of this
actually does this transfer to armor no
so we don't need that we'll go ahead and
have the parameters plus
five on there
that probably doesn't transfer to armor
either no it doesn't
[Music]
that probably doesn't either no
firewater's plus five does right yeah it
does transfer to armor
yeah we'll just pick something random um
only have two animal for anyway um
let's see if we sort this by quality
[Music]
[Applause]
mp boost does go on to armor
[Music]
mp super enhance also goes onto armor
so let's instead of that have
[Music]
does that go no but that
does so if i do that
and that
which cauldron is best
okay then let's start this goes here
yeah this is going great
[Music]
all right this is going well
this is great all right
this is going well
yeah this is good
[Music]
i'll put that there this is good
yeah this is good and there
is this really okay okay it's time to
finish
and done what traits should i add
increases base stats by 10
[Music]
and maximum mp by 25 or
attack speed by 5.
well we'll do that one because that one
and this one go on to armor
how's this it's also high quality
this is all done so we definitely want
to register that
[Music]
i got this recipe from giulio but i've
never even heard of this soul stone
material stone
stone who would know about rocks
maybe logie would know i mean he's a
blacksmith after all
so we'll check that out what should i
make
now what else can i was there anything
else i needed to make
[Music]
that i could
let's wait until daytime
and let's go to the street here
and let's make sure we register that
[Music]
cloth
okay good you restocked things
so we'll buy that
[Music]
just restock everything because it ends
up being so useful
and we will register
this this seems
really amazing i can't register
we will replace that neutralizer
and then we will buy it back of course
[Music]
i wonder what
if we were to sell what can we sell
[Music]
i'm not using some of these may as well
sell them
um
i'm gonna be replacing these anyway
[Music]
what can i sell i'll sell one of these
too now let's sell some of these
hold off on that because that one's kind
of useful potentially
[Music]
all right that'll get me 346.
you